Zapier documentation (#866)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/zapier.mdx

---

[Zapier](https://zapier.com/) is a powerful automation tool that lets you automate your work across 5000+ applications.

RudderStack supports Zapier as a destination where you can seamlessly send your event data.

## Getting started

Before configuring Zapier as a destination in RudderStack, verify if the source platform is supported by Zapier by referring to the table below:

| Connection Mode | Web | Mobile | Server |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Device mode | - | - | - |
| Cloud mode | Supported  | Supported | Supported |

<div class="infoBlock">
To know more about the difference between cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</Link> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Zapier, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add a source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Zapier**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click **Continue**.

## Connection settings

To successfully configure Zapier as a destination, you will need to configure the following settings:

> <img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/zapier-connection-settings.png" alt="Zapier connection settings" />

Reviewer: @rohithkaza The current image is too wide, hence looks overwhelming in the docs. Either you can capture one with less width and share with us or let us know once its deployed in dev web app, so that we can capture it. 
cc @ameypv-rudder

Reviewer 2: <img width="1145" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58467752/187876489-3d878063-cbb2-4c92-b8d7-740975df52a2.png">
Is this ok?

Author: @rohithkaza i will push a fix with an optimized screenshot once the integration is live in prod.

- **Zap URL**: Enter your Zap URL. 

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on creating a Zap and obtaining the Zap URL, refer to the <Link to="#faq">FAQ</Link> section below.
</div>

- **Mapping Track Events to a particular Zap**: Use this setting to send the `track` events with the specified **Event Name** to the corresponding **Zap URL**.
- **Mapping Page/Screen Events to a particular Zap**: Use this setting to send the `page`/`screen` events with the specified **Event Name** to the corresponding **Zap URL**.

## Sending events to Zapier

<div class="infoBlock">
RudderStack supports sending only <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/track/"><code class="inline-code">track</code></Link>, <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/page/"><code class="inline-code">page</code></Link>, and <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/screen/"><code class="inline-code">screen</code></Link> events to Zapier.
</div>

> RudderStack does not transform or map any data before sending it to Zapier. It sends the raw event payloads to the specified **Zap URL** as is, without any modification.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
RudderStack does not transform or map any data before sending it to Zapier. It sends the raw event payloads to the specified **Zap URL** as it is, without any modification.
```

> Also, as mentioned in the <Link to="#connection-settings">Connection settings</Link> above:

Reviewer: Should we re-iterate it? having second thoughts as the doc is quite small and straight forward, negligible chances that someone will miss the info already stated above.

Author: To be honest, I don't see the harm as here, the user will get more context into the above-mentioned settings. But we can remove it for now and revisit if required.

- If you set a mapping in the **Mapping Track Events to a particular Zap** dashboard setting, RudderStack sends the `track` events with the specified **Event Name** to the corresponding **Zap URL**.
- If you set a mapping in the **Mapping Page/Screen Events to a particular Zap** dashboard setting, RudderStack sends the `page`/`screen` events with the specified **Event Name** to the corresponding **Zap URL**.

## FAQ

### Where can I find the Zap URL?

> To get your Zapier URL, you need to first create a Zap by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get your Zap/Zapier URL, you need to first create a Zap by following these steps:
```

1. Log into your <a href="https://zapier.com/app/dashboard">Zapier dashboard</a> and click **Create Zap**.

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/create-zap-1.png" alt="Zapier connection settings" />

2. In the **App Events** section, search for webhooks and select **Webhooks by Zapier**.
3. Under **Event**, select the **Catch Raw Hook** option and click **Continue**.

> 4. In the **Test Trigger** section, you will find your Zap URL or the webhook URL where you can send all the requests. Copy this URL as it is required to set up the Zapier destination in RudderStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Test Trigger** section, you will find your Zap URL or the webhook URL where you can send all the requests. Copy and use this URL to set up the Zapier destination in RudderStack.
```
